{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker }{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker }{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker }{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker }{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\margb1800\margt1800\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx5620\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Asylum Design Bible\
\

\fs24 Basic Dice Mechanics\
\

\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Most actions are decided by a single d10 roll.  The most common roll in this game is the \'93skill roll.\'94  This roll is modified by a character\'92s training in the skill as follows:\
\
Untrained: +0\
Proficient: +3\
Experienced: +5\
Master: +6\
\
Difficulty: Difficulty reflects how much understanding and nuance an action requires.  It is largely the chance that a given person might be able to solve or aid in a problem. The standard difficulty range is:\
\
4: Trivial - Easy for anyone, only someone who is untrained can fail.\
6: Ordinary - Easy for someone with training, and anyone with advanced training cannot fail.  This is the common difficulty that most actions have.\
8: Hard - Someone without training is likely to fail, most people with training can figure it out though.\
10: Rare - Someone without advance training is likely to fail, and this problem can stump even experienced practitioners.\
12: Elite - This action is impossible for someone without at least training, and even masters are likely to fail half the time.\
\
Complexity: Complexity reflects how much time and work a specific action requires.  The complexity rating represents how much success players must achieve to complete the test.  When a player succeeds they add their attribute to the success threshold.  A success with a natural roll of a \'9310\'94 means the player contributes double their attribute score.\'94 When the success threshold is equal or larger than the complexity, the characters succeed at the test.\
\
The basic/individual complexity ratings are:\
\
1-2: Immediate\
3-4: Simple\
5-6: Complicated\
\
The group/extended complexity ratings are:\
\
6-9: \
10-12:\
13-15:\
16-18: \
\
\
Every test is either \'93basic\'94 or \'93extended ()\'94  This means that each skill roll either requires a turn, or a longer period of time.  Extended tests have the time between each skill roll listed afterward.  For instance \'93extended (1 minute)\'94 means that each skill roll represents one minute of work.\
\
In general, a failure in a challenge represents a waste of time where no progress is made. If the failed roll is 5 less than the target difficulty then this represents a significant blunder which causes a setback.  Such a roll subtracts 3 from the success threshold.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Character Design Options\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Attributes: Character attributes represent the core qualities of a character.  They generally range from one to six.  \
\
1:	An attribute of one represents a dramatic deficiency, but not crippling.  \
\
2:	The general average rating that most NPC\'92s have is two.  \
\
3-4:	These ratings are common among protagonists and represent a distinctive 	amount of talent and conditioning.\
\
5-6:	The natural pinnacle of human ability.  Ratings of six are generally only possible 	with paranormal ability, and typically further augmented by special powers.\
\
Might:	The character\'92s physical strength and resistance. This attribute is generally tied to Athletics and Melee.  It is important to the derived attribute of Vitality.\
\
Agility: The character\'92s grace and reflexes.  This attribute is tied to Firearms and Stealth.  It is important to derived attributes of Melee Defense and Initiative.\
\
Intuition: The character\'92s instinct and ability to notice details.  This attribute is tied to Empathy, Nature, and Streetwise.\
\
Wits: The character\'92s intellectual creativity and ability to think on her feat.  This attribute is tied to Academics, Occult, and Tinker.\
\
Presence: The character\'92s strength of personality and social tact.  This attribute is tied to Composure and Persuade.\
\
Skills:  These \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul thirteen\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone  skills are the core set and will not be expanded upon after the release of the system.  If a writer wishes to expand the skills, first ask yourself if one of the existing skills already encompasses what you want to represent.  Specialized skills can be better represented through new techniques associated with skills.  More generalized qualities can be better represented as merits or positive qualities.\
\
The first rank in a skill is \'93proficient,\'94 which grants the character basic understanding and training in the skill.  Proficiency gives the character a +3 to rolls involving that skill.\
\
The second rank in a skill is \'93experienced,\'94 which represents additional practice and more advanced training.  Experience grants a character an additional +2 (+5 total) to rolls involving the skill, and a single basic knack.  Character who are experienced in a skill can learn additional knacks as a form of advancement at any minor milestone.\
\
The third rank in a skill is \'93mastery,\'94 which grants a character a additional +1 (+6 total) to rolls involving the skill, as well as single master knack.  Mastery can only be acquired through advancement in a major milestone. Additional master knacks can be acquired at any major milestone.\
\
Techniques: Every advanced rating in a skill grants the player a new technique to choose.  The player can also choose additional techniques during milestones.  The chosen technique must be associated with the qualified skill.\
\
 \
Athletics (M): Acrobatic, Fleet-footed, Aquatic, Atlas, Climber\
Empathy (I): Skeptic, Cold Reader, Combat Intuition, \
Relate (P): Poker Face, Fast Talk, Assuage, Performance\
Command (P): Intimidation\
Firearms (A): Military Training, Civilian Training, Quick Draw, 	Specialization\
Medicine (W): Disease, Surgeon, Antitoxin, Trauma Expert, \
Close Combat (M): Specialization, Grappler, Take-down, Riposte,\
Nature (I): Camouflage, Herbalism, Animal Magnetism, \
Occult (I): Ritual Casting, Afflictions, Cryptozoology, \
Stealth (A): Chameleon, Surveillance, Shadow\
Streetwise (I): Etiquette, Blend, Recognize\
Electronics (W): Electrician, Software, Security Systems\
Mechanics (W): Mechanic, Jury-Rig\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Athletics (Might):
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 This skill represents the character\'92s general ability at pursuits that exercise the body and require strength, endurance, and coordination.  Characters with ranks in Athletics are well coordinated and experienced with exercise and sports.  Athletics is generally used to determine how quickly a character can overcome some physical test such as climbing over a barrier, jumping across a gap, or forcing a locked door open.  Dramatic failure can result in some minor injury.  Athletic knacks represent special talent and focused physical training.\
\
Common Uses:\
\pard\tx20\tx200\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li180\fi-180\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
{\listtext	\'95	}Lift and carry a cumbersome object.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Leap a horizontal or vertical distance.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Climb a wall or barrier.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Bend, break, or pry an object.\
{\listtext	\'95	}To fall, tumble, or perform any acrobatic maneuver. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Empathy (Intuition):
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 This skill represents a character\'92s ability to read or understand another person\'92s emotions and motivations.  Characters with ranks in Empathy are better at anticipating people\'92s behaviors and realizing when they are being lied to.  Empathy knacks allow characters to react better to their adversaries and predict their secrets and vulnerabilities.  A dramatic failure in an empathy skill roll may result in accurate but misleading information.\
\
Common Uses:\
\pard\tx20\tx200\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li180\fi-180\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
{\listtext	\'95	}Read a person\'92s present emotional state.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Recognize lies and misdirection.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Establish a person\'92s possible values and motivation.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Identify magical compulsions and illusions.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Expression (Presence):
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 This skill represents a character\'92s ability to tactfully comport herself.  Characters typically use Expression to conceal the fact that they are lying or influence how an audience\'92s views them.  Failure indicates that something about the character\'92s performance comes across as phony.  Expression knacks represents particular talents for acting, poise, or deception.  A dramatic failure not only reveals that something isn\'92t what it seems, but also forms a very negative opinion from the audience.\
\
Common Uses:\
\pard\tx20\tx200\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li180\fi-180\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
{\listtext	\'95	}Bluff in a game.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Put on a captivating show.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Create a convincing distraction.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Conceal fear, anger, or anxiety.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Firearms (Agility):
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 This skill represents a character\'92s familiarity and training with firearms and ballistic weaponry.  Asylum agents and other contractors typically undertake dangerous missions, and despite the abundance of magic and other unknown forces, guns remain one of the most effective means of personal defense.  Failure simply means that the shot didn\'92t hit the target.  Firearms knacks represent special training against difficult targets and uncommon or restricted weapons.  A dramatic failure generally represents a misfire that may harm the weapon or another nearby person.\
\
Common Uses:\
\pard\tx20\tx200\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li180\fi-180\pardirnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
{\listtext	\'95	}Firing a pistol at a hostile target.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Providing cover fire.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Identifying sniper positions.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Recognizing a weapon based on its firing sound, general shape, or casings.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Supernatural Drugs\
\
Boost - 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Consumed orally, boost restores X points of essence to the user, even if that additional essence would take them over their normal limit. The main side effect is that it suppresses the user\'92s ability to restore essence points naturally for 8 hours.  Boost addiction is not unusual, as frequent use provides fewer points and extends the suppression time.  Mortals who don\'92t have supernatural abilities tend to feel uncomfortably energetic.
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Dust - 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Each grain of dust is a memory of an event from another person.  Anyone who eats or inhales these grains experiences these memories like a sort of waking dream.  For a few hours after the dust is consumed the user has these new memories and experiences, and often possesses new knowledge and skills from it.  After several hours the memories fade, usually leaving the user distressed and confused.  Dust use is known to damage spiritual harmony through dissonance.
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Center - 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Center can be absorbed through any wet membrane.  It leaves the user focused but emotionally detached. Center is commonly used to treat the psychosis and \'93bleed\'94 associated with dissonance. While some contractors with dangerous amounts of bleed are reliant on center, it is not believed to 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BLESSINGS\
\
Wyrm\'92s Venom\
\
FIERY ESSENCE\
Heat Resistance: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Passive\
	Effect: You gain enchantment bonus to armor against fire damage equal to 5.\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Scalding Blast:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Complex Action (1)*\
	Target: All enemies adjacent to you.
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
	
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Effect: All targets take 5 fire damage.  Until the end of your next turn you have light concealment and any enemy that ends its turn adjacent to you takes 5 fire damage.\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hurled Flame:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Complex Action (2)*\
	Target: One square within 10 yards.\
	Effect: Any creature on the square takes 8 fire damage. Creatures adjacent to the square takes 5 fire damage.\
\
* These powers release gouts of magical flame that quickly go out on their own.  However, these flames can potentially ignite flammable materials to create natural fires. See page XX on the hazards of heat and flame.\
	
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
EARTH CRAFT\
Shape Earth: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Complex Activation (1)\
	Target: Stone, crystal, ceramic, or soil material of at most 1 cubic yard.\
	Effect: Until the end of your next turn you can sculpt the material as if it had the consistency of wet clay. The material retains its normal qualities for anyone else interacting with it. \
	Sustain: Simple\
\
Seismic Strike: Complex Action (1)\
	Target: One Square\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FIRE CRAFT\
Shape Fire: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Complex Activation (1)\
	Target: Open flames within one cubic yard of volume.\
	Effect: Until the end of your next turn you are can sculpt the fire as if it had the consistency of wet clay. While under this effect you are immune to the fire\'92s heat. Whatever shape you craft the fire into is solid and has the hardness of steel. The fire retains its other normal qualities for anything else interacting with it. \
	Sustain: Simple\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
WATER CRAFT\
Shape Fire: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Complex Activation (1)\
	Target: Watery liquid of at most 1 cubic yard in volume.\
	Effect: Until the end of your next turn you are can sculpt the liquid as if it had the consistency of wet clay. Whatever shape you craft the liquid into is solid and has the hardness of steel. The liquid retains its other normal qualities for anything else interacting with it.\
	Sustain: Simple
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\
PETRIFYING GAZE\
Visage of Malice: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Simple Activation (1)\
Your eyes gleam with danger as your face contorts, making it difficult for anyone to look directly at you.\
	Effect: You have light concealment against attacks. Anyone who can see you that 	attacks you takes 3 damage as their body stiffens and their mind recoils in horror.
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Staggering Glare: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Complex Activation (0)\
	Requirement: Visage of Malice must already be activated.\
	
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Target:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 All enemies within 5 that can see you\
	
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Attack:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 +4 or Command versus Psychic Defense\
	
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hit:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 The target takes 3 damage and is staggered until the end of her next turn\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Stone Curse:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Simple Activation (2)\
	
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Target:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 One creature hit by 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Staggering Glare\
	
\i\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Attack:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 +4 or Command versus Psychic Defense\
	
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hit:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 10 + Presence damage and the target is immobilized until the end of her next turn. If this attack injures the target, then the target is petrified.\
	
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Miss:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Presence damage and is immobilized until the end of her next turn.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
ORACULAR VISION\
Oracular Insight: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Complex Activation (1)\
	
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Effect:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 You enter into a oracular trance until the end the scene. You can voluntarily end the trance as a Simple Action, and shock or trauma can prematurely terminate the trance. While in this trance you can use 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Empathy
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 or 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Occult
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 to examine any person, location, and or object that you are in direct contact with.  A result of 10 or higher provides you with useful visions of the past and occasionally the future. Your visions are specifically drawn to emotional events from the past and possible futures of what you are examining.
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Foreboding Premonition: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Reaction (1)\
	
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Trigger:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 You would dramatically fail a roll.\
	
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Effect:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 You can re-roll the die with a +2 bonus.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Augury: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Complex Action (2)\
	
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Special Action:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 The contractor carefully observes or examines one living subject 	for five minutes.  \
	
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Effect:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Upon completing the Augury, choose one skill and roll the die three 	times, 	keeping track of the order of the results.  If the subject of the Augury uses that 	skill within the next day she uses the recorded die results plus her normal 	modifiers instead of rolling.
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
INVULNERABLE HIDE\
Undying Vitality:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Passive\
	Benefit: The contractor\'92s maximum health increases by 5.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Manifest Armor:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Simple Activation (1) \
	Effect: Until the end of the scene the contractor gains an enchantment bonus to 	armor 	equal to 2.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Instinctive Defense:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Reaction (2)\
	Trigger: The contractor is attacked.\
	Effect: The contractor gains the benefits of 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Manifest Armor
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
.\
\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
LIVING WEAPON
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tooth and Claw
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
: Simple Activation (0)\
	Effect: You sprout a set of claws, fangs, and/or horns that you can use as natural weapons.  These natural weapons have a damage rating of 5. If you use another power to change into an inhuman form, you can manifest these natural weapons as a free action. You may also default to +4 instead of Close Combat when attacking with your natural weapons.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cursed Wounds:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Complex Action (2)\
	Effect: The contractor makes a Close Combat attack with the natural weapons 	provided by 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tooth and Claw
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
.  For this attack you gain a +2 enchantment bonus 	to both attack and damage.\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ARCANE VEIL\
Fleeting Presence:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Passive\
	Benefit: The contractor can roll twice when making a Stealth roll and use the 	better result.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Fade from Sight:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Simple Activation (1)\
	Effect: The contractor becomes invisible until the end of her next turn.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Move Unseen:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Complex Activation (2)\
	Effect: The contractor becomes invisible for one scene.\
	Sustain: Complex}